Enhance information regarding notification channel (#74)
zammad/zammad-admin-documentation: channels/email/accounts/email-notification.rst

User
   Your account login/username.

>    .. hint:: The notification sender address can be configured within the :doc:`Settings tab <../settings>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. hint:: The “From:” address on system notifications can be configured under
      :doc:`Channels > Email > Settings > Notification Sender <../settings>`.
```
